Hello everybody and welcome back.
Today we're going to begin the feature engineering process of the machine learning model building.
The main part of the teaching process for our model is fine tuning the response.
Is important because of the fall off that we need to set a limit on when we speak a user to convert
a tape measure.
This is because we want to have a way to Beldi tomorrow in future datasets.
For example if we have a time limit or one week for enrollments to consider then we only need to wait
one week or so to check if the model was accurate in predicting that use.
But model was to protect an all time enrollment then we will have to wait until the end of all time
to see if the money was accurate or not.
So that is why it is important to have a particular date range limits on our responsibility to understand
what time limit is optimal.
We're going to plot our differences between the first open and the broad mandate to do so.
We need to do some feature engineering which is what we're going to start in this period.
Let's start by looking at the data
to see the data types of each feature in the data frame.
We're going to use that data set that we run this and we see all of that.
Most of them are in the field in my optics.
So what we want is to convert those dates into actual date time updates so that we can subtract hours
from our data.
So to do so we're going to use the Platonic version of loop and we're going to parse each particular
date in that whole.
So we're going to use the farcy function which we call for day two of the beginning and work with a
pole line to each front.
So we're going to call it wrote ADA and it's going to be full roll data.
They said that first open this is Tell us that this is actually going to convert everything into a data.
So if we run this we're going to see that there you go.
Everything has been pulled very 20 time.
So we're actually going to apply to the actual call.
They say that first open and the changes going to happen.
Here we go.
It's changing is changing.
And should we think we're going to do the same for the and roll call.
So to do that we just copied it and we changed the name of the column all day sales here and all that
great.
But there there's a little catch.
Not every row is populated in this particular color and we give a nobody to parse the parse function
through an error.
So what we want is to only apply this to the roster.
Actually our streets so to do so.
We want to add a statement and it's going to be it it's is in a sense for instance the road map which
is what we're working with and testing pretty much these checks in each of those rows are issuing or
if we are just going to return the actual road itself and the finish will pass.
So let's run it it's run it's running and the eagle Istor.
And if we run this place again we should be able to see that not those two days are actually the time.
Great.
So next we'll actually go into calculate the difference between those hours.
So we're going to create new the acid defense.
A It's going to be just a simple subtraction of those two calls.
So they say that roll the great minus dataset that first open as you can expect and we're going to convert
all of that into high time that okay because we can get the difference in minutes seconds days.
We don't know.
But if we just tell it to be a time delta of ours then we can forget specifically and we do so by creating
that time down to 64 bracket's age these cells to convert it to just hours.
So we run this great.
We now have that different strip.
So now we can start plotting a little plot of the distributions to see what is the best hour to select
for a cutoff time for the response there.
So let's do it.
We're going to start histogram.
We're going to call it a difference which is what we want to plug.
So far so good.
And then we're going to get the index because we don't care about the rules that are in the actual There
are actually probably.
And we got a caller just to be complete and the caller that we used is the quote that we always been
using which is three and five the seven.
Great.
So let's run it and see what's up.
Oh.
One more thing.
This is really nice.
I'll never forget a beautiful plot always has a nice night.
So let's go back here and give are beautiful.
Well going to quote We're going to should of time sense since it all works just fine.
And then one last thing we want to show the great.
So the trend is excellent.
So we see in a distribution plan that the majority of people enroll within the first I would say $500.
So zero to 1000 is right here.
So 500 is cut of course.
So everything pretty much falls off right here.
But because there is a right of distribution here maybe this all happened not actually in the first
500 hours but in the first 100 hours or maybe less so to do so we're going to copy this Baystate do
it just once more.
But in this case we want to change one little thing.
We're going to actually reach here.
This is going to all the values that is within these rich 0 to 100.
So we saw that the major population was lying on 0 to 500.
If we only plotted one hundred.
What happens is and again the distribution you say right tail meaning that actually everything happens
within the first 10 hours.
OK but we still see some events happening in the hour 20 hour 30 much less.
And of course I remember a lot of that happen to the very right there.
So to include the majority of that people were going to restrict ourselves to the first 50 hours a year.
But to be more exact let's do it 48 hours because 48 hours are two days.
Exactly.
So today is a good day based on the distributions to pretty much pull put us of time to our response
fear.
So let's do it.
We are going to change every single response variable which is large.
That data set that difference greatly.
48.
And we're going to say that equal share.
So what does this mean.
And we're going to say for every person who can never roll is ZERO say sorry.
So for those people who actually didn't know we're going to put them to 0 9.
If they are about the 48 hour mark if there are 48 hours or less we're still going to leave them as
a rule.
But if they're hiding that they're going to be removed.
So we run this.
Now they're all removed and that's it.
And now that we have utilized the date features and we have created that difference we don't really
need to use them anymore.
So what we do do is when you we're then with for work we're going to drop the columns and we no longer
need in this case it's going to be a quarter differential which we no longer have use for.
We're going to use the raw data of course because we have this that again.
And finally we're going to use the first open which also is use.
So we run this that's it that's finished and that's it.
That is the totality of the future.
When it comes to the response for the next video we're actually going to explore some extra features
engineered fields and until next time next we.